Heroku documentation update (#1024)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: README.md

### Running these on Heroku

You can test them out at [https://wrongsecrets.herokuapp.com/](https://wrongsecrets.herokuapp.com/) as well! The folks at Heroku have given us an awesome open source support package, which allows us to run the app for free there, where it is almost always up. Still, please do not fuzz and/or try to bring it down: you would be spoiling it for others that want to testdrive it.

> Please use the [link](https://wrongsecrets.herokuapp.com/) to use our hosted version of the app. If you still want to host it yourself at Heroku instead for hosting trainings and such, you can do so by clicking [at this link](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/tree/master) but please be aware that there will be cost involved for you which this project and/or its maintainers cannot be held responsible for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [this link](https://wrongsecrets.herokuapp.com/) to use our hosted version of the app. If you want to host it on Heroku yourself (e.g., for running a training), you can do so by clicking [this link](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/tree/master). Please be aware that this will incur costs for which this project and/or its maintainers cannot be held responsible.
```
